
	*** TRACK AND FIELD DIVISIONS FOR EHS STUDENTS IN THE 2016/2017 SCHOOL YEAR ***

	Babyak, Akilah is in the Senior division.

	Babyak, Christine is in the Senior division.

	Baker, Amelia is in the Midget division.

	Baker, Luke is in the Senior division.

	Banga, Kaydence is in the Junior division.

	Beier, Hanna is in the Senior division.

	Berthelet, Rachel is in the Senior division.

	Berthelet, Remi is in the Junior division.

	Bittner, Torrie is in the Wee Pee division.

	Blackwell, Matthew is in the Senior division.

	Boehm, Makayla is in the Wee Pee division.

	Bomberak, Ryder is in the Pee Wee division.

	Bomboir, Colton is in the Senior division.

	Bomboir, Hunter is in the Senior division.

	Bomboir, Tyler is in the Pee Wee division.

	Boyd, Ashton is in the Bantam division.

	Brar, Jessica is in the Midget division.

	Briggs, McKenna is in the Pee Wee division.

	Brooks, Aydon is in the Midget division.

	Brown, Bailey is in the Senior division.

	Brown, Drew is in the Senior division.

	Bulakh, Liliya is in the Junior division.

	Burkholder, Hudsyn is in the Pee Wee division.

	Burkholder, Kayleigh is in the Junior division.

	Burman, Ava is in the Wee Pee division.

	Burns, Parker is in the Senior division.

	Burns, Ryder is in the Midget division.

	Cairns, Nolan is in the Midget division.

	Cairns, Oren is in the Senior division.

	Carriere, Casey is in the Bantam division.

	Carriere, Tyler is in the Junior division.

	Carter, Aiden is in the Pee Wee division.

	Carter, Karen is in the Wee Pee division.

	Castillo, Shaira is in the Bantam division.

	Chantry Diaz, Robert is in the Midget division.

	Chewka, Alexis is in the Senior division.

	Chipp, Heather is in the Senior division.

	Chipp, Kenton is in the Senior division.

	Chopping, Jordynn is in the Midget division.

	Chretien, Mia is in the Bantam division.

	Cook, Spencer is in the Senior division.

	Cooper, Matthew is in the Senior division.

	Cooper, Tyler is in the Junior division.

	Corpe, Tatiana is in the Junior division.

	Dancsok, Brittany is in the Midget division.

	Davies, Haley is in the Midget division.

	Davies, Mara is in the Senior division.

	Davis, Avery is in the Pee Wee division.

	Davis, Dalton is in the Senior division.

	Davis, McKenna is in the Junior division.

	Debnam, Brooke is in the Senior division.

	Degenhardt, Mackenzie is in the Midget division.

	Degenhardt, Matthew is in the Senior division.

	Desnomie, Cody is in the Wee Pee division.

	deVries, Kavan is in the Bantam division.

	Dolejsi, Caleb is in the Junior division.

	Drader, Thomas is in the Wee Pee division.

	Duchek, Kayden is in the Pee Wee division.

	Duchek, Mishaela is in the Junior division.

	Duchek, Rudy is in the Senior division.

	Duchek, Terris is in the Pee Wee division.

	Duff, Aidan is in the Wee Pee division.

	Duncan, Zoe is in the Midget division.

	Dunster, Avery is in the Senior division.

	Dunster, Estelle is in the Bantam division.

	Dunster, Marie is in the Wee Pee division.

	Dunster, Owen is in the Senior division.

	Enriquez, Jamie is in the Pee Wee division.

	Ens, Tyrell is in the Wee Pee division.

	Equiza, Jelaine is in the Wee Pee division.

	Erhardt, Alaina is in the Senior division.

	Esslinger, Jake is in the Wee Pee division.

	Fedorenko, Vadym is in the Midget division.

	Ferguson, Elshadai is in the Midget division.

	Ferguson, Surafel is in the Midget division.

	Fiske, Daniel is in the Senior division.

	Fiske, David is in the Pee Wee division.

	Fiske, Heather is in the Junior division.

	Forster, Drake is in the Pee Wee division.

	Forster, Shae-Lynn is in the Midget division.

	Fortin, Zander is in the Bantam division.

	Fouillard, Noel is in the Midget division.

	Fourie, Chantelle is in the Pee Wee division.

	Fourie, Lizaan is in the Junior division.

	Fraser, Nicholas is in the Senior division.

	Fruhlinger, Simon is in the Junior division.

	Gareau, Connor is in the Bantam division.

	Geddes, Kelslyn is in the Midget division.

	Gehl, Zachary is in the Junior division.

	Gerhardt, Reece is in the Junior division.

	Gingara, Adam is in the Midget division.

	Gingara, Alexander is in the Pee Wee division.

	Giroux, Braxten is in the Wee Pee division.

	Giroux, Liam is in the Senior division.

	Godwin, Bailey is in the Wee Pee division.

	Gogol, Quinlan is in the Wee Pee division.

	Gold, Colby is in the Senior division.

	Graham, Brandon is in the Senior division.

	Graham, Zachariah is in the Senior division.

	Griffith, Dawson is in the Midget division.

	Halbach, Marsaidy is in the Pee Wee division.

	Halbach-Irvine, Cody is in the Midget division.

	Handzii, Diana is in the Bantam division.

	Handzii, Karyna is in the Senior division.

	Haubrich, Marty is in the Junior division.

	Haugen, Leah is in the Pee Wee division.

	Haugen, Paul is in the Midget division.

	Hawcutt, Ashlyn is in the Senior division.

	Heise, Sara is in the Pee Wee division.

	Heise, Shelby is in the Junior division.

	Helmeczi, Ashlyn is in the Senior division.

	Helmeczi, Beau is in the Pee Wee division.

	Helmeczi, Callie is in the Bantam division.

	Helmeczi, Rebecca is in the Senior division.

	Helmeczi, Ryder is in the Wee Pee division.

	Hertlein, Tyler is in the Junior division.

	Hollingshead, Connor is in the Wee Pee division.

	Hollingshead, Madilyn is in the Midget division.

	Hruska, Jade is in the Senior division.

	Huckell, Alyssa is in the Senior division.

	Huckell, Robert is in the Bantam division.

	Hudacek, Cassidy is in the Wee Pee division.

	Ireland, Sarah is in the Pee Wee division.

	Ireland, William is in the Midget division.

	Jackson, Nicole is in the Senior division.

	Jepson, Dawson is in the Midget division.

	Johanson, Byers is in the Junior division.

	Johanson, Eryn is in the Senior division.

	Johnson, Daihja-Lyn is in the Wee Pee division.

	Johnson, Garrett is in the Bantam division.

	Johnson, Jordan is in the Senior division.

	Johnson, Mallory is in the Junior division.

	Johnson, Morgan is in the Pee Wee division.

	Jones, Austin is in the Bantam division.

	Jones, Emma is in the Wee Pee division.

	Jones, Makenzie is in the Junior division.

	Jordan, Kieara is in the Wee Pee division.

	Junek, Jordan is in the Senior division.

	Junek, Kendall is in the Midget division.

	Kada, Ginnecie is in the Wee Pee division.

	Kada, Kessi is in the Wee Pee division.

	Kada, Skylund is in the Junior division.

	Karras, Zachary is in the Junior division.

	Kay-Yeo, CeeCee is in the Senior division.

	Keller, Jaylene is in the Senior division.

	Khalimov, Daniela is in the Wee Pee division.

	Kilbach, Kayla is in the Senior division.

	Koch, Reena is in the Senior division.

	Koval, Paul is in the Midget division.

	Kuntz, Carson is in the Pee Wee division.

	Kuntz, Taegan is in the Junior division.

	Kuzek, Jayden is in the Junior division.

	Kweens, Shaelin is in the Junior division.

	Lagler, Jacie is in the Wee Pee division.

	Lagler, James is in the Junior division.

	Lahn, Maximilian is in the Senior division.

	Lajeunesse, Jana is in the Senior division.

	Lajeunesse, Sara is in the Bantam division.

	Lauer, Madison is in the Senior division.

	Lee, MinKyu is in the Senior division.

	Leidl, Anna is in the Senior division.

	Lemieux, Carlee is in the Pee Wee division.

	Leposa, Austin is in the Midget division.

	Lerat, Ameeka is in the Wee Pee division.

	Lewko, Alexandre is in the Senior division.

	Lewko, Braden is in the Bantam division.

	Lewko, Zackary is in the Bantam division.

	Lingon, Justine is in the Midget division.

	Lippai, Jacksen is in the Pee Wee division.

	Lippai, Reese is in the Bantam division.

	Logan, Jasmine is in the Senior division.

	Logan, Michael is in the Junior division.

	Logan, Sydney is in the Senior division.

	Lombard, Rynhardt is in the Junior division.

	Lombard, Shain is in the Pee Wee division.

	Lomenda, Ethan is in the Pee Wee division.

	Louw, Christiaan is in the Bantam division.

	Luce, Bailey is in the Midget division.

	Luhtala, Jarett is in the Bantam division.

	Lussier, Sydney is in the Wee Pee division.

	MacQuarrie, Nicole is in the Wee Pee division.

	Maki, Jesse is in the Senior division.

	Marchand, Renee is in the Senior division.

	Masse, Jack is in the Pee Wee division.

	Matchett, Brett is in the Wee Pee division.

	Matchett, Brooklyn is in the Wee Pee division.

	McGowan, Adrian is in the Junior division.

	McGowan, Liam is in the Bantam division.

	McGregor, Benjamin is in the Wee Pee division.

	McKimm, Liam is in the Junior division.

	McRae, Jasmine is in the Pee Wee division.

	Mei, Jackie is in the Junior division.

	Metz, Andrew is in the Senior division.

	Metz, Mathew is in the Midget division.

	Mickle, Darien is in the Wee Pee division.

	Miller, Skye is in the Pee Wee division.

	Moore, Carlie is in the Midget division.

	Moore, Shannon is in the Bantam division.

	Moore, Stacey is in the Senior division.

	Moore, Walker is in the Wee Pee division.

	Morales Granados, Jessica is in the Bantam division.

	Morrison, Rylund is in the Wee Pee division.

	Morrison, Teasa is in the Junior division.

	Motlhalamme, Lenah is in the Midget division.

	Mozeski, Jayden is in the Senior division.

	Muric, Mason is in the Pee Wee division.

	Mutrie, Dakota is in the Midget division.

	Mutrie, Dylan is in the Wee Pee division.

	Nagy, Alexa is in the Junior division.

	Nagy, Brenna is in the Senior division.

	Nagy, Cassandra is in the Senior division.

	Nagy, Colby is in the Junior division.

	Nagy, Kaylee is in the Senior division.

	Neville, Kirsten is in the Senior division.

	Neville, Scott is in the Midget division.

	Newton, Jay is in the Wee Pee division.

	Newton, Natalie is in the Midget division.

	Newton, Reese is in the Senior division.

	Neyedley, Cameron is in the Midget division.

	Neyedley, Carson is in the Pee Wee division.

	Neyedley, Molly is in the Senior division.

	Neyedly, Haily is in the Pee Wee division.

	Nicholauson, Ally is in the Senior division.

	Nicholauson, Amber is in the Junior division.

	Nicholls, Kaysen is in the Midget division.

	Niebergall, Jesse is in the Senior division.

	Niebergall, Samantha is in the Bantam division.

	Nixon, Brogan is in the Junior division.

	Nixon, Damon is in the Senior division.

	Nixon, Daunte is in the Wee Pee division.

	Nixon, Eric is in the Senior division.

	Noble, Cameron is in the Junior division.

	Nordal, Kaitlyn is in the Midget division.

	Norek, Chloe is in the Midget division.

	Norek, Claire is in the Wee Pee division.

	Norek, Dalton is in the Bantam division.

	Olson, Oliver is in the Wee Pee division.

	Oremba, Paden is in the Pee Wee division.

	Palmer, Aidan is in the Pee Wee division.

	Palmer, Graigory is in the Junior division.

	Pangracs, Leahanne is in the Wee Pee division.

	Pangracs, Skylar is in the Wee Pee division.

	Paproski, Wrylee is in the Junior division.

	Patrick, Kailin is in the Senior division.

	Patrick, Shelby is in the Bantam division.

	Patrick, Wyatt is in the Junior division.

	Patterson, Torie Lynn is in the Pee Wee division.

	Petracek, Kiana is in the Wee Pee division.

	Petracek, Paige is in the Bantam division.

	Petracek, Taylor is in the Junior division.

	Plaquin, Leah is in the Bantam division.

	Plaquin, Meeghan is in the Senior division.

	Powers, Chrissy is in the Midget division.

	Powers, Robyn is in the Midget division.

	Prazma, Lauren is in the Bantam division.

	Prazma, Taylor is in the Junior division.

	Presiloski, Austen is in the Junior division.

	Profit, Kamrynn is in the Junior division.

	Puente Teran, Francisco is in the Senior division.

	Raquion, James is in the Senior division.

	Ratti, Ashley is in the Junior division.

	Raza, Missam is in the Senior division.

	Redwood, Thunder is in the Bantam division.

	Redwood, Tyrone is in the Bantam division.

	Regular, Emily is in the Senior division.

	Reid, Zachary is in the Pee Wee division.

	Reimer, Cole is in the Pee Wee division.

	Rieger, Aidan is in the Pee Wee division.

	Rieger, Felice is in the Bantam division.

	Roach, Joshua is in the Midget division.

	Roberts, Taryn is in the Senior division.

	Rodgers, Jayha is in the Bantam division.

	Rodgers, McKinley is in the Bantam division.

	Romanchook, Michael is in the Pee Wee division.

	Roussin, Hunter is in the Bantam division.

	Rushinko, Taryn is in the Wee Pee division.

	Salvador, Mara is in the Bantam division.

	Salvador, Scott Kevin is in the Wee Pee division.

	Sapara, Sierra is in the Pee Wee division.

	Schaefer, Taryn is in the Pee Wee division.

	Schlamp, Dylan is in the Wee Pee division.

	Schlamp, Hannah is in the Junior division.

	Schlamp, Hayden is in the Bantam division.

	Schmidt, Katie-Ann is in the Junior division.

	Senger, Brayden is in the Senior division.

	Serrotti, Jasmin is in the Senior division.

	Serrotti, Romano is in the Midget division.

	Shepherd, Star is in the Pee Wee division.

	Shewfelt, Trinity is in the Senior division.

	Shewfelt, Ty-Lee is in the Junior division.

	Shields, Ashtyn is in the Wee Pee division.

	Shipway, Hayden is in the Midget division.

	Shipway, Rowan is in the Wee Pee division.

	Shire, Dylan is in the Midget division.

	Siedov, Andrii is in the Senior division.

	Sikora, Jesse is in the Midget division.

	Simle, Adam is in the Senior division.

	Simpson, Tynan is in the Senior division.

	Sinclair, Saje is in the Midget division.

	Smith, Carson is in the Pee Wee division.

	Stalnenko, Kateryna is in the Senior division.

	Stauch, Taylor is in the Senior division.

	Stevens, Parker is in the Junior division.

	Stubbs, Chelsea is in the Senior division.

	Suski, Kaden is in the Senior division.

	Suski, Kendra is in the Senior division.

	Swann, Breanna is in the Pee Wee division.

	Swann, Rebecca is in the Midget division.

	Talbot, Riley is in the Midget division.

	Taylor, Corbin is in the Junior division.

	Thompson, Sarah is in the Wee Pee division.

	Tilling, Cristian is in the Pee Wee division.

	Tocher, Kayden is in the Bantam division.

	Tocher, Madison is in the Senior division.

	Tocker Lagos, Marilyn is in the Pee Wee division.

	Tomlinson-Swain, Kenton is in the Bantam division.

	Tuck, Kaycee is in the Wee Pee division.

	Varga, Brittany is in the Senior division.

	Varga, Cody is in the Bantam division.

	Vershynin, Bogdan is in the Senior division.

	Vinish, Makenna is in the Midget division.

	Walker, Kendall is in the Bantam division.

	Wiechert, Ethan is in the Wee Pee division.

	Wiechert, Kiara is in the Midget division.

	Williams, Elijah is in the Pee Wee division.

	Williams, Elizabeth is in the Junior division.

	Wolfe, Brayden is in the Senior division.

	Zanab, Abeeha is in the Wee Pee division.

	Zazula, Madison is in the Wee Pee division.
